Items

You can use items BEFORE you move or AFTER you move

Item where you can place an obstacle (potentially only in the way of your opponent) - Done
Item where you can move the hole
Item where you can move the opponents cue ball
Item where you swap places with the opponents cue ball
Item where you can hit the opponents cue ball once - but you can't scratch
Item that craters the opponents ball
Item that lets you redo a shot
- Note: There are several ways to implement. You could either take a shot, use
	the redo, and then take another shot, or you could do this but then get
	to decide which of the two shots you'd prefer. You could also use the
	redo first, and then take two shots, picking the one you prefer.

	Perhaps you could do either before or after. This would have a high
	skill ceiling because you could decide to use the redo before and go for
	a tricky shot, and if you miss you go for an easier one. It would act as
	insurance, and give you the option of picking either of the two shots.
	Or, you could just hold onto it until you mess up a shot, and then use it.
Item that lets you time a spinner to create heavy wind in a certain direction

Obstacles

Ramps - Done
Windmills
Rotating blocks
Water - Done


What happens when another player hits your ball off?
Slamming the opponents ball off the map seems like an OP strategy. How can we make this a
difficult decision for players as to whether or not they should do it?

Options:
	If you hit another players ball off, it spawns back where it first was.
	If you hit another players ball off, it spawns on the edge of the water.
	If you hit another players ball off, they can put their ball anywhere in a specific range.
	If you hit another players ball off, they get a free stroke

Some combination of these options would force players to weigh the risk of hitting another players
ball hard, as if their ball is pushed to the edge of the map, it can add up to a full stroke to their
score. However, if you hit their ball off, it could greatly help them or greatly harm you.